Xcode 12.5 - Fix SPM binary dependency explicit requirement (#636)
braintree/braintree_ios: README.md

### Swift Package Manager
_This feature is only available in v5._

To add the `Braintree` package to your Xcode project, select _File > Swift Packages > Add Package Dependency_ and enter `https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ios` as the repository URL. Tick the checkboxes for the specific Braintree libraries you wish to include.

If you look at your app target, you will see that the Braintree libraries you chose are automatically linked as a frameworks to your app (see _General > Frameworks, Libraries, and Embedded Content_).

In your app's source code files, use the following import syntax to include Braintree's libraries:
```
import BraintreeCore
import BraintreeCard
import BraintreeApplePay
import BraintreePayPal
```

> **Braintree 5.X.0 requires Xcode 12.5+ for SPM.** We recommend using the latest version for the simplest SPM integration. If using Braintree 5.X.0 and below, please see our [Swift Package Manager guide](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ios/blob/master/SPM_BUGFIX_GUIDE.m) for specific workarounds required to use these older versions.

Reviewer: Why does this link to `SPM_BUGFIX_GUIDE.m`? Did we mean to rename the SPM guide? (And I'm guessing we meant the file extension to be `.md`.)

Reviewer 2: Yes that should have been .md - fixed! We moved the steps for SPM integrations with the latest SDK and Xcode 12.5 to the README, so this guide is now only to provide workarounds for integrating with older versions of the SDK and Xcode. We renamed it to reflect that the guide isn't necessary for the latest SPM integrations anymore.

Reviewer: OK, but did the rename of the guide actually get committed? Maybe GitHub is being weird for me or something, but I still see the file as `SWIFT_PACKAGE_MANAGER.md`.

Author: Yup the file name itself wasn't changed, so it should be `SWIFT_PACKAGE_MANAGER.md`

> **Braintree 5.X.0 requires Xcode 12.5+ for SPM.** We recommend using the latest version for the simplest SPM integration. If using Braintree 5.X.0 and below, please see our [Swift Package Manager guide](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ios/blob/master/SPM_BUGFIX_GUIDE.m) for specific workarounds required to use these older versions.

Author: ```suggestion
**Braintree 5.X.0 requires Xcode 12.5+ for SPM.** We recommend using the latest version for the simplest SPM integration. If using Braintree 5.X.0 and below, please see our [Swift Package Manager guide](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ios/blob/master/SWIFT_PACKAGE_MANAGER.md) for specific workarounds required to use these older versions.
```

> **Braintree 5.X.0 requires Xcode 12.5+ for SPM.** We recommend using the latest version for the simplest SPM integration. If using Braintree 5.X.0 and below, please see our [Swift Package Manager guide](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ios/blob/master/SPM_BUGFIX_GUIDE.m) for specific workarounds required to use these older versions.

Author: ```suggestion
**Braintree 5.X.0 requires Xcode 12.5+ for SPM.** We recommend using the latest version for the simplest SPM integration. If using Braintree 5.X.0 and below, please see our [Swift Package Manager guide](https://github.com/braintree/braintree_ios/blob/master/SWIFT_PACKAGE_MANAGER.md) for specific workarounds required to use these older versions.
```
